Unexpectedly, the nemesis of this granddaughter turned out to be the prime minister of the dynasty
But they seem to be in-laws
Is it forced marriage?
But how to say
A prime minister was beaten by a tree
It's embarrassing enough
But then again, this also proves that this Sun Li is really not easy to deal with in disguise
Looks like we need to figure something out
Big brother, second brother, you are here
What are you doing like a thief?
Xiaoyue and sister-in-law are not here, right?
No, what's wrong?
Didn't you ask me to investigate the place where Sun Qian has been haunting recently?
Investigated
OK
And I also found out that he is related to a girl named Hong Xiu
Hong Xiu? Why does that name sound so familiar?
By the way, where are you talking about?
brothel
Where do you say shh, be quiet
Why don't the big brother go inside with the second brother to investigate in depth?
Are you kidding?
Your eldest brother is a family man
How can you go to that place?
Big brother's words are bad
We are there to investigate the plight of our in-laws in front of the village
I'm not going to the brothel
That won't work either.
If Shuhan knew, I wouldn't have the face to see him
If you find out, say I did it
Good brother let's go
Go again
Have a cat